Polish Whats New in 7.0 documentation (#1074)
uber/luma.gl: docs/whats-new.md

### glTF Support

<img height=100 src="https://raw.github.com/uber-common/deck.gl-data/master/images/gltf.png" />

> luma.gl can now load 3D models and scenegraphs in the popular [glTF™](https://www.khronos.org/gltf/) asset format (with the help of the loaders.gl [GLTFLoader](https://github.com/uber-web/loaders.gl/blob/master/website/docs/api-reference/gltf-loaders/gltf-loader.md). All variants of glTF 2.0 are supported, including binary `.glb` files as well as JSON `.gltf` files with binary assets in base64 encoding or in separate files. The Draco Mesh compression extension is also supported.

Reviewer: Great. I like this.

### WebVR Support (experimental)

> Just replace your `AnimationLoop` with `VRAnimationLoop` from ` @luma.gl/addons`. Works with [Firefox Reality](https://mixedreality.mozilla.org/firefox-reality/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just call `AnimationLoop._setDisplay(new VRDisplay());` with `VRDisplay` from ` @luma.gl/addons`.
Works with [Firefox Reality](https://mixedreality.mozilla.org/firefox-reality/).
```

Reviewer: We changed the API but forgot to update.
